making things making things bananas
always making things making fiends while
Charlotte makes friends
okay but it's funny you should travel
how dare you ask me to slide I don't
know it's ride oh well that's okay we
could pretend we're postal workers
instead no astronauts now accountants no
ah I do not want to astronaut or a count
or flower pick yes well I guess I'll
play by myself and since all my friends
are busy
you want a friend to play with do you I
can give you a friend
- on it that's me here is a friend for
you hehehe a very good friend indeed
yours fatally then damn well wasn't that
nice of her
Oh a puppy I've always wanted a puppy
well I guess it's about time to start
class if we're we're Charlotte
I do not know perhaps her new pet gave
her trouble
oh my well class hi I thought today we'd
study the digestive system of the mmm oh
I mean we'll read magazines yes
magazines
and I'm sorry I'm late
you have all your lives how about your
family do they have their lives huh Oh
my family's fine thanks for asking and
thank you for my new friend
he's so useful he sharpens pencils and
gives haircuts
oh by her he can make Valentines what
did you do to him I gave him lots of
love and paper he's a good friend but I
have an even better friend
ven da da de da da and as my friend
you